---
layout: post
title: 'Reading List (2020)'
---
This is my reading list for 2020 that's continually updated with books that I've completed. Feel free to send me recommendations at [@cedricvicera](https://twitter.com/cedricvicera) or [cedric@cedricvicera.com](mailto:cedric@cedricvicera.com)

1. *The Burnout Society* ∙ Byung-Chul Han
2. *Dialogues on Ethical Vegetarianism* ∙ Michael Huemer
3. *American Psycho* ∙ Bret Easton Ellis
4. *Science Since Babylon* ∙ Derek de Solla Price
5. *The Latinos of Asia: How Filipino Americans Break the Rules of Race* ∙ Anthony Christian Ocampo
6. *Average is Over: Powering America Beyond the Age of the Great Stagnation* ∙ Tyler Cowen
7. *The Physics of Wall Street: A Brief History of Predicting the Unpredictable* ∙ James Owen Weatherall
8. *Good Work If You Can Get It: How to Succeed in Academia* ∙ Jason Brennan
9. *The American Challenge* ∙ Jean-Jacques Servan-Schreiber
10. *Why Not Capitalism?* ∙ Jason Brennan
11. *The Misinformation Age: How False Beliefs Spread* ∙ Cailin O'Connor & James Owen Weatherall
12. *Has the West Lost It?: A Provocation* ∙ Kishore Mahbubani
13. *Every Love Story Is a Ghost Story: A Life of David Foster Wallace* ∙ D. T. Max
14. *Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis* ∙ J.D. Vance
15. *The Decadent Society: How We Became the Victims of Our Own Success* ∙ Ross Douthat
16. *Uncanny Valley: A Memoir* ∙ Anna Wiener
17. *So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work You Love* ∙ Cal Newport
